+++
title = "High Accuracy Articulated Robots with CNC Control Systems"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Brad Saund", "Russell DeVlieg"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = []

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "SAE-Aerotech"
publication_short = "SAE-Aerotech"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "A robotic arm manipulator is often an appealing method to position drills, bolt inserters, automated fiber placement heads, or other end effectors. In a standard robot the flexibility of the cantilevered arm as well as backlash in the drive system lead to large positioning errors. Previous work has greatly reduced this error through the use of secondary scales and a mathematical model of the robot deflection running on a CNC controller. Further research improved upon this model by accounting for linear deformation of each robot link regardless of position. The parameters describing these deformations are determined through a calibration routine and then used in real time to guide the end effector accurately to any reachable pose. In practice this method has been used to achieve total on-part positioning accuracy of better than +/- 0.25mm. "

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""
# https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/15384047.2016.1250047

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "Brad_at_EI.jpg"
#caption = "Glioma of the left parietal lobe. CT scan with contrast enhancement. Source: #https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Glioma.gif"

+++

{{% staticref "file/2013_SAEA.pdf" "newtab" %}} PDF {{% /staticref %}}
