+++
title = "Touch based localization of parts for high precision manufacturing"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Brad Saund", "Shiyuan Chen", "Reid Simmons"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "International Conference on Robotics and Automation"
publication_short = "ICRA"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Performing detailed work on objects requires precise localization. Currently humans aid machines in localization either by direct operation, or implicitly by designing a sequence of actions a robot follows. Our approach to automate localization is to reason over many potential actions, perform the best information gathering action, and then use the mea- surement obtained to update a non-Gaussian belief. We propose a method for autonomous localization of objects with initial 6DOF uncertainty capable of reasoning about and performing measurements with low uncertainty and arbitrary error models. Surprisingly, common methods capable of modeling arbitrary belief distributions perform poorly as measurement uncertainty decreases, so we modify a particle filter to handle these accurate measurements produced by tactile or laser sensors. We then show how the expected information gain of the proposed measurement can be calculated efficiently from these particles. We present experiments, both in simulation and on hardware, that show our method is both fast and accurate."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""
# https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/15384047.2016.1250047

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "glioma_wikipedia_commons.jpg"
#caption = "Glioma of the left parietal lobe. CT scan with contrast enhancement. Source: #https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Glioma.gif"

+++
{{% staticref "file/ICRA17_1124_FI.pdf" "newtab" %}} PDF {{% /staticref %}}
