+++
title = "The datum particle filter: Localization for objects with coupled geometric datums"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Shiyuan Chen", "Brad Saund", "Reid Simmons"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems"
publication_short = "IROS"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we propose a touch-based local- ization approach for a potentially large and complex object with multiple internal degrees of freedom. Should a task only require a partial localization of the object, our method selects the appropriate information gathering actions to register the desired features. We use probabilistic methods to reason over the distribution of the estimated object poses in the 6-DOF configuration space. We introduce the datum-based particle filter to handle intrinsic tolerances between each of the sections of the object. We describe two alternative methods for the particle filter system: one using the full joint belief and the other reasonably simplifying the belief to achieve a better ability to scale. We present simulation results for both proposed methods to show the advantages of our approaches."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""
# https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/15384047.2016.1250047

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "glioma_wikipedia_commons.jpg"
#caption = "Glioma of the left parietal lobe. CT scan with contrast enhancement. Source: #https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Glioma.gif"

+++
{{% staticref "file/IROS2017.pdf" "newtab" %}} PDF {{% /staticref %}}
