+++
title = "Motion Planning for Manipulators in Unknown Environments with Contact Sensing Uncertainty"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-11-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Brad Saund", "Dmitry Berenson"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = []

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "International Symposium on Experimental Robotics"
publication_short = "ISER"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Localization error, sensor noise, and occlusions can lead to an imperfect model of the environment, which can result in collisions between a robot arm and unobserved obstacles when manipulating. The robot must navigate around these obstructions despite not knowing their shape or location. Without tactile sensors, the robot only observes that a contact occurred somewhere on its surface, a measurement containing very little information. We present the Collision Hypothesis Sets representation for computing a belief of occupancy from these observations, and we introduce a planning and control architecture that uses this representation to navigate through unknown environments. Despite the dearth of information, we demonstrate through experiments that our algorithms can navigate around unseen obstacles and into narrow passages. We test in multiple environments in simulation and on a physical robot arm both with and without the aid of a 2.5D depth sensor. Compared to a baseline representation Collision Hypothesis Sets produce an approximately 1.5-3x speed-up and improve the success rate from 40-60% to 100% in tested scenarios with narrow passages."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""
# https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/15384047.2016.1250047

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "glioma_wikipedia_commons.jpg"
#caption = "Glioma of the left parietal lobe. CT scan with contrast enhancement. Source: #https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Glioma.gif"

+++
{{% staticref "file/MotionPlanningforManipulatorsinUnknownEnvironmentswithContactSensingUncertainty.pdf" "newtab" %}} Download the pdf{{% /staticref %}}

Watch the demo: 

{{< youtube EjCq1Q4nNUc >}}
