+++
title = "The Blindfolded Robot : A Bayesian Approach to Planning with Contact Feedback"

# Date first published.
date = "2019-08-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Brad Saund", "Sanjiban Choudhury", "Siddhartha Srinivasa", "Dmitry Berenson"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = []

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "The International Symposium on Robotics Research"
publication_short = "ISRR"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We address the problem of robot motion planning under uncertainty where the only observations are through contact with the environment. Such problems are typically solved by planning optimistically assuming unknown space is free, moving along the planned path and re-planning if the robot collides. However this approach can lead to many unnecessary collisions and movements. We propose a new formulation, the Blindfolded Traveler’s Problem (BTP), for planning on a graph containing edges with unknown validity, with true validity observed only through attempted traversal by the robot. We prove that BTP is NPcomplete and present a number of approximation-based policies. In particular, we analyze the case of a robot arm where it is challenging to construct a reasonable prior over obstacles. We examine a number of belief approximation techniques and finally propose a policy-belief combination. For the policy we propose graph search with edges weights augmented by the probability of collision. For the belief representation we propose a weighted Mixture of Experts of Collision Hypothesis Sets and a Manifold Particle Filter. Empirical evaluation in simulation and on a real robot arm shows that our proposed approach vastly outperforms several baselines as well as a previous approach that does not employ the BTP framework." 
# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""
# https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/15384047.2016.1250047

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "glioma_wikipedia_commons.jpg"
#caption = "Glioma of the left parietal lobe. CT scan with contrast enhancement. Source: #https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Glioma.gif"
#Add this below link to pdf when final video is ready: Watch the demo: 
#remembertoupdateyoutubelink{{< youtube EjCq1Q4nNUc >}}

+++
{{% staticref "file/The_Blindfolded_Robot_with_Appendix.pdf" "newtab" %}} 
Download the pdf{{% /staticref %}}

