+++
title = "Fast Planning Over Roadmaps via Selective Densification"

# Date first published.
date = "2020-02-12"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Brad Saund", "Dmitry Berenson"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = []

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "The International Symposium on Robotics Research"
publication_short = "ISRR"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We propose the Selective Densiﬁcation method for fast motion planning through conﬁguration space. We create a sequence of roadmaps by iteratively adding conﬁgurations. We organize these roadmaps into layers and add edges between identical conﬁgurations between layers. We ﬁnd a path using best-ﬁrst search, guided by our proposed estimate of remaining planning time. This estimate prefers to expand nodes closer to the goal and nodes on sparser layers. We present proofs of the path quality and maximum depth of nodes expanded using our proposed graph and heuristic. We also present experiments comparing Selective Densiﬁcation to bidirectional RRT-connect, as well as many graph search approaches. In difﬁcult environments that require exploration on the dense layers we ﬁnd Selective Densiﬁcation ﬁnds solutions faster than all other approaches."


# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""
# https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/15384047.2016.1250047

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "glioma_wikipedia_commons.jpg"
#caption = "Glioma of the left parietal lobe. CT scan with contrast enhancement. Source: #https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Glioma.gif"
#Add this below link to pdf when final video is ready: Watch the demo: 
#remembertoupdateyoutubelink{{< youtube EjCq1Q4nNUc >}}

+++
{{% staticref "file/FastPlanningOverRoadmapsvisSelectiveDensification.pdf" "newtab" %}} 
Download the pdf{{% /staticref %}}

Watch the demo: 

{{< youtube x_XOuBVk170 >}}


